# MiniPets
### MiniPets-COMP3350-A03-Group12

Our app is called MiniPets, it is a spiritual successor to the beloved Tamagotchi, in which a player can interact with their own virtual pet; feeding them, playing with them, and looking after them to keep them happy and healthy. The user will get to choose their own pet the first time they play from a selection of animals. After their first visit all progress, points, and items will be automatically saved; however, if they leave their virtual companion to its devices for too long, they will find one unhappy kitty the next time they play.

Our game features a 2D pixelated art style reminiscent of an 8-bit game. From the main screen, the player will be able to select main screen activities or navigate to the fetch, grooming, walking, and pet-mart screens using on-screen menus. Main screen activities include feeding, petting, changing clothes, and picking up poop. Fetch, walking, and grooming act as mini-games where you can earn points and care for your pet, and the pet-mart is where you can exchange points for food and outfits. To keep their pet healthy the user must routinely feed their pet, take them out to play, clean up after them; when their virtual pet gets dirty (from running around) their owner must also give them a grooming. A healthy pet is a happy one, but if the user wants to improve their pet’s mood a little bit more, they can always give them treats and pet them for being good. Failing to look after your pet means your pet will be unhappy, and less likely to be that faithful companion.

MiniPets is a game intended for users of a younger audience, specifically those who do not have a pet, or who’s parents are not sure they are prepared for the responsibilities of owning a pet. MiniPets is also made for people who have used a Tamagotchi in the early 2000’s and wish to experience that nostalgia, and for those who never got to use a Tamagotchi, but always wanted one.

Our hope is to teach young children the work that is needed to take care of a pet, while providing an entertaining experience to keep them coming back. It can also teach kids the importance of responsibility by having kids remember to clean up after, feed, and bathe their MiniPet. Another goal is to provide people of all ages a way to have fun for prolonged periods of time, while looking after their cute little pixelated friend.

Our app will be considered successful if the user returns to the app at least once a day for thirty minutes to keep their virtual pet happy by feeding and playing with them.

[Branching strategy](https://code.cs.umanitoba.ca/3350-winter-2021-a03/minipets-comp3350-a03-group12/-/blob/master/Branching%20Strategy.md)